Update key-vault-configuration.md (#32671)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/key-vault-configuration.md

The sample app runs in either of two modes determined by the `#define` preprocessor directive at the top of `Program.cs`:

* `Certificate`: Demonstrates using an Azure Key Vault Client ID and X.509 certificate to access secrets stored in Azure Key Vault. This sample can be run from any location, whether deployed to Azure App Service or any host that can serve an ASP.NET Core app.

> * `Managed`: Demonstrates how to use [Managed identities for Azure resources](/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview). The managed identity authenticates the app to Azure Key Vault with Microsoft Entra ID authentication without storing credentials in the app's code or configuration. The `Managed` version of the sample must be deployed to Azure. Follow the guidance in the [Use the managed identities for Azure resources](#use-managed-identities-for-azure-resources) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Managed`: Demonstrates how to use [Managed identities for Azure resources](/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview). The managed identity authenticates the app to Azure Key Vault with Managed identities for Azure resources without storing credentials in the app's code or configuration. The `Managed` version of the sample must be deployed to Azure. Follow the guidance in the [Use the managed identities for Azure resources](#use-managed-identities-for-azure-resources) section.
```

## Use Application ID and X.509 certificate for non-Azure-hosted apps

> Configure Microsoft Entra ID, Azure Key Vault, and the app to use an Microsoft Entra ID Application ID and X.509 certificate to authenticate to a vault **when the app is hosted outside of Azure**. For more information, see [About keys, secrets, and certificates](/azure/key-vault/about-keys-secrets-and-certificates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Azure Key Vault and the app to use an Microsoft Entra ID Application ID and X.509 certificate to authenticate to a vault **when the app is hosted outside of Azure**. For more information, see [About keys, secrets, and certificates](/azure/key-vault/about-keys-secrets-and-certificates).
```

The sample app runs in either of two modes determined by the `#define` preprocessor directive at the top of `Program.cs`:

* `Certificate`: Demonstrates using an Azure Key Vault Client ID and X.509 certificate to access secrets stored in Azure Key Vault. This sample can be run from any location, whether deployed to Azure App Service or any host that can serve an ASP.NET Core app.

> * `Managed`: Demonstrates how to use [Managed identities for Azure resources](/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview). The managed identity authenticates the app to Azure Key Vault with Microsoft Entra ID authentication without credentials stored in the app's code or configuration. When using managed identities to authenticate, an Microsoft Entra ID Application ID and Password (Client Secret) aren't required. The `Managed` version of the sample must be deployed to Azure. Follow the guidance in the [Use the managed identities for Azure resources](#use-managed-identities-for-azure-resources) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Managed`: Demonstrates how to use [Managed identities for Azure resources](/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview). The managed identity authenticates the app to Azure Key Vault with Managed identities for Azure resources without credentials stored in the app's code or configuration. When using managed identities to authenticate, a Managed identities for Azure resources app ID and Password (Client Secret) aren't required. The `Managed` version of the sample must be deployed to Azure. Follow the guidance in the [Use the managed identities for Azure resources](#use-managed-identities-for-azure-resources) section.
```

## Use Application ID and X.509 certificate for non-Azure-hosted apps

> Configure Microsoft Entra ID, Azure Key Vault, and the app to use an Microsoft Entra ID Application ID and X.509 certificate to authenticate to a vault **when the app is hosted outside of Azure**. For more information, see [About keys, secrets, and certificates](/azure/key-vault/about-keys-secrets-and-certificates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Azure Key Vault and the app to use an Microsoft Entra ID Application ID and X.509 certificate to authenticate to a vault **when the app is hosted outside of Azure**. For more information, see [About keys, secrets, and certificates](/azure/key-vault/about-keys-secrets-and-certificates).
```
